[Music]
welcome to the breakdown when we break
down all the messed up [ __ ] so I'm back
after like three weeks is summertime and
I asked her what would y'all like to see
in May and the most light comment was a
Clockwork Orange so this is one of the
many masterpieces of famous director
Stanley Kubrick easily one of the most
influential directors of all time he's
probably the best director we have come
across so far so I don't feel like I
deserve to talk about this movie a
Clockwork Orange is a film that takes
place in the future well a future
relevant to the release date of the
movie taking place in England we see a
somewhat dystopian setting where law and
order are mostly absent the main
character Alex played by Malcolm
McDowell in an amazing performance shows
the effects of trying to rehabilitate a
sociopath through a crazy therapy
experiment so before we start if you've
already seen his movies before probably
we're gliding down the YouTube
suggestions when you seen the video and
talk to yourself know what I want to see
this weebs analysis on a Clockwork
Orange even though I know everything if
you thought that at any point you are in
the wrong place this is just a recap
series so I suggest you check out these
two great videos on a Clockwork Orange
to see a nice analysis on the book and
or a movie they will be in the
description so if you want to see what
happens including all the Minister of
parts stay tuned for the kills I mean
the breakdown
[Music]
look at that face
that's Alex de large or just Alex in the
novel Oh pause let me mention that Alex
and his friends we will see later all
speaking in a little inspired language
that consists of English and Russian
influence words it's called nadsat I
hope that's how you pronounce it okay
that's established but alex is sitting
with his drugs nadsat for homeboys named
Pete Georgie and dim in a place called
the kirova milk bar it serves milk plus
we're just milk along with plenty of the
drugs that make you good and proper for
some ultra violent activity Alex here is
a sociopath I guess the other three are
following his sociopathic example but
their first victim of ultra violence is
some singing wino who also serves to
give us an idea of the setting of the
movie Alex and his drugs attacked the
man but he don't care he's like do me in
give me away from this terrible world
with no law and order he compares you to
being less than earth and a place for
Anarchy to prevail looks like he's right
next we see a rival gang led by someone
named Billy Boy and they are about to
rape this woman Alex and his gang
interrupt the act with their presence
which is enough to let these TIG ol
bitties swing in the air Billy boys like
y'all set trippin cuz and they get right
to this I don't know Super Smash Bros
ultimate fight it's pretty hectic to say
the least
long story short Alex and them win they
three stalked billy boy and his loser
squad then they dip once they hear the
police come driving as fast as they can
to the nearest pay and spray their
recklessness on the roll would get them
in the idiots and car subreddit but they
actually are going to a famous person's
house to cause mayhem
they splinter cell their way around the
house of an author named F dot Alexander
along with his wife who got a knock on
the door
Alex pretends to be asking he used a
phone for assistance in a red
but smartly she turns them away
Alexander makes the mistake by telling
his wife to let him in so it's just
random sadism for the sake of it kind of
reminded me of the Joker in terms of how
random it is yet how calculated it seems
as Alexander watches Alex and his gang
rape his wife after that they go back to
the Corolla milk bar to get drugged up
again but it seems some established
looking individuals caught Alex's
attention one of them starts singing a
piece from Beethoven Alex's favorite
sound cloud artists he also gets into it
with dim it's just a start of the rest
of the game wanting equal share of
treatment instead of being under Alex's
boot all the time
I mean dim has to be like do be doop I
don't want no actually with you brother
then everybody goes home well we see how
dirty and unregulated it looks in the
future excuse me the future related to
1973 the next day Alex's mom waste him
up for school looks like in the movie
he's about 17 or 18 I heard in the book
he's about 15 alex pretends to be sick
but I'm sure both is too well-off
parents no that's just BS he seems
pretty well-off too but he's playing
hooky only to be caught in the act by
his parole officer who is randomly in
his house just kidding the mom let him
in with her key he's pretty eccentric
but he knows alex is out at night
causing mayhem so he makes it clear to
keep your hands clean later we're not
promoting chaos alex goes to pick up
some stuff but ends up picking up a
threesome yet he probably went about
three rounds I heard in a novel Alex
didn't have consensual sex with two
women he raped and drugged two
ten-year-old girls instead books are
always more messed up painting a few
hours later alex has an awkward
encounter with his drugs and that's
before he sits on DIMMs laughs the news
is that the drugs don't want to be just
small-time crooks getting petty change
and being treated like underlings Alex
goes along with their little feelings at
first it bothers him but in response he
just chaos them both dim and joy
by pushing them in the water keep in
mind it was the presence of Beethoven
playing that inspired him to succumb to
random chaos this was his way of showing
who's boss Deb and Georgie did have an
idea of a place to plunder which belongs
to some cat lady they pretend to be
needing assistance like their last
attack but she doesn't make the author's
mistake instead they sneak about similar
to the cats in the house Alec sneaks
into a window while the woman is calling
the police he was listening though
coming in and seeing all her vulgar
works of art he soon uses her penis
sculpture to hit the woman over the head
believing she has just passed out he
then goes outside to tell his boys we
gotta go cuz the cops are coming
but dim slammed some of that milk plus
in his face blinding him and his boys
leave him behind to be bait for the cops
alright alex is in custody now but ain't
speaking without Phoenix right present
even then when you act crazy you get
beat like crazy knowing his future is at
stake Alex blames everything on his
drugs saying they forced him to do it
well not really cuz he's a murderer now
that woman nyet over the head has died
so now he's going to prison proving to
be a disappointment to his probation
officer after a trial alex is sentenced
to 14 years to be around people he
considers worse than him now he's his
number six double five three two one in
the system no longer just Alex the large
but so far he's acting a lot more
civilized than what we seen and yep he's
ready for prison two years later alex is
normalised into prison and seems
honestly like a brown-nose someone that
kisses ass who is even taken up to read
the Bible really though he's just
imagining himself is one of those
oblivious Romans or other bringers of
chaos or every man's dream that they
don't know they want to happen yet for
prison it seems kinda lacks there's even
supposedly some treatment or experiment
that rehabilitates prisoners are lonely
releasing them early that's what Alex
talks to this religious leader about the
treatment is called the Ludovico
technique but it seems pretty dangerous
right now Alex wants to do it so he can
get out he doesn't seem to really care
about being rehabilitated later doing an
observation of potential guinea pigs for
the Ludovico technique
Alex cleverly nominates himself by
gaining the attention of an important
benefactor this benefactor is the
Minister of the Interior and he will
organize the treatment that will reform
Alex and get him out released out into
the public in two weeks time he is soon
taken to the Ludovico facility and give
me some hospitality no prisoner is
usually given the nurses give him some
drugs in his back side and he is told
that the treatment will consist of him
simply watching films we see actually
that he is put in a straightjacket and
is literally forced to watch disturbing
movies movies showing violence and even
rape those drugs they gave them in
combination with these messed up movies
is literally making Alex sick to his
stomach but they don't listen to this
cries because this is only the beginning
violence and sex is twisting from good
to bad through the use of these drugs
and plenty ultra violent movies also all
he hears is music from the Ninth
Symphony yet it's torturous for him to
sit there looks like he's got to go
through two weeks of this two weeks
later
alex is brought in front of an audience
that's a changed man because of the drug
torture he went through the Minister of
the Interior shows his rehabilitation by
bringing out a violent weirdo it causes
Alex to scream out that he's gonna be
sick and gets turned into a pushover
because of
that's not all because this big tittied
girl comes out Alex wanted to taste
those fruits but he became instantly
nauseous and sick from even trying to
that religious man from the prison isn't
filling this form of rehabilitation
saying that he doesn't even have any
free will anymore but the ministers
argument that it cuts down crime turns
to be the most well light Alex has laid
out the next day going home to visit his
mom and dad and also some random [ __ ]
named Joe he has taken Alex's old room
honestly it didn't really seem like he's
actually rehabilitation just incapable
of doing anything violent that's shown
when he almost fights the dude who now
lives there long story short it seems
alex parents found a whole new son in
Joe here well alex is now asked out
that's what we saying when you got
nowhere to live it's out of random that
the wino he beat up in the beginning
recognizes him out of nowhere and he
kids dragged the jump by his whole
clique police come to save the day but
Oh looky here the police officers are
Alex's old drugs dim and Georgie they
still don't like Alex so they take him
deep in the woods and treat him to a
beating and drowning surprisingly they
let him go and he barely crawls away to
a very familiar house do you remember
that house coincidentally belongs to the
author if not Alexander the same man who
Alex and his crew beat and raped his
wife after that incident he got a
bodyguard
this isn't mention until later but the
wife actually died after the rape
possibly the stress of the event
Alex knocks on the door with all his
strength really in an emergency this
time and it's helped in by Clark Kent he
is abroad before Alexander and he does
recognize him he recognizes him from the
newspapers showing the rehabilitated man
but not from the previous attack done in
the beginning so he gives him a bath the
reason I offer is being so nice is
because he believes Alex can be a weapon
that would stop the reelection of the
current government hold on let's
flashback to the attack on the author in
the beginning during the attack
allons was singing the song called
singing in the rain now I'm back in the
present at Lake so happens to start
singing that song again which the author
here
this causes the author to have a
disturbing breakdown and realization
that the person who crippled him and
raped and killed his wife is literally
in his bathtub pause a lot of people
also take this as evidence that Alex was
faking being cured since he song
something that is associated with
violence most importantly Alex is
watched by his two saviors and his
colleagues as they give him some wine
they also asking questions about what
makes him nauseous which we know is
violence and sex and even the Ninth
Symphony he then passes out suddenly all
because of that drug that wine what
comes around goes around
he then wakes up to the very music that
sickens him Beethoven he's locked in so
he has no choice but to sit in agony
after a while he realized that he would
rather be dead then sit tortured by this
music and jumps out of the window to
kill himself I'm sure that was painful
because we see he actually survived
broken but living I'm sure I'm not the
only one who laughed at this upcoming
scene but a doctor and nurse we're
getting it in only to stop when they
hear Alex has regained consciousness
newspapers reveal that the author's
efforts of stopping their reelection of
the current government might work
especially after that attempted suicide
after some time a psychiatrist comes in
and do some tests tests like saying the
first thing that pops into mind each
slide reveals that Alex sings pretty
violent looks like he is no longer
sickened by the violence and sex later
the Minister of the Interior comes to
apologize for the whole Ludovico
technique he offers Alex a physician to
help with the re-election campaign
Alex says sure yeah in his thanks he is
turned into an overnight headline as
Beethoven's 9th plays on these loud ass
speakers
again showing that if he was cleared he
is back to normal now
the movie answers he imagined himself
possibly raping a woman before saying I
was cured all right well I definitely
think that was a great movie to watch
definitely one of the best one so far
it's still one of those movies you
should definitely see for yourself after
just take this little recap and
something to know what scenes might be a
cup of tea or not so now that we got
through this film let's talk about the
most disturbing and most enjoy moment
and that spooky stuff all right let's
get right into it the mostest third
moment for me is probably the rape
honestly even though there was nothing
too explicit shown you'll see the movie
on a lot of disturbing lists so unless
I'd seen just these since their version
or whatever not much what's actually
disturbing and the scope similar to the
movies we have covered before the most
enjoyment is probably Malcolm's whole
performance it was cool watching any
scene he was in plus how he communicated
with people and that's it I hope you
guys enjoyed this video and if you are
interested in the lore of a Clockwork
Orange I suggest checking out the two
most popular videos that could
definitely give that in-depth analysis
on the left is silo in case you want to
see another book-based film that is
pretty crazy on the right it's
hereditary another film with nice acting
things like this one thanks for watching
spooky out